[Music]
you mean by that you run back is broken
what put a vertebra or horseshoe spinal
[Music]
hi guys welcome back to another video I
hope you do really good
so today's one I just thought we could
do like fun uplifting you know video I'm
home workout yoga couple thing we have
never done a video like this before we
like self isolating so it was a good
idea to mix things up on here so yeah
let's get right into it I've just gone
on YouTube and typed in like viral
partner workouts and and seen what's
confident it's quite funny I check some
really crazy stuff on here you know
something so our partners greeting like
what we're doing
Stephanie yoga one first would you like
a stretch not that yeah and then what do
they do just go down
[Music]
honest could be good look into this I'm
just laying down
[Music]
catch
many machines no no boats do that good
[Music]
in the air
right so we're gonna wrap that up here
let's now see back in oh that was really
hard work magic shoes in here as well
that has been a nightmare
but be careful if you're trying to pose
because they are quite dangerous ah let
me know if you'd like any more videos
with Mason as well if you've got any
other video suggestions or anything I
really enjoyed this video if you haven't
already don't forget to give it a thumbs
up and subscribe to my channel and I
will see you guys in the next video